Validation Bulk Fixes (#224)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/common-parameters-and-types/type-identifiers/eat-drink-types.md

---
# required metadata
title: "Eat Drink Identifiers | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Type IDs for eating and drinking establishments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A list of type identifiers for eating and drinking establishments with descriptions of each type.
```
